This cigarette or this box of matches contains a secret life much more intense than that of certain human beings .
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation .
A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure .
Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty .
The balloons only have one life and the only way of finding out whether they work is to attempt to fly around the world .
Opportunity was knocking at her door.
What did the wall say to another wall ?
Hey, diddle, diddle, The cat and the fiddle, The cow jumped over the moon; The little dog laughed To see such sport, And the dish ran away with the spoon.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees ; it requires the hand of time .
Sometimes the sun needs a little help ...
Pearl Button swung on the little gate in front of the House of Boxes. It was the early afternoon of a sunshiny day with little winds playing hide-and-seek in it.
The killing moon will come too soon
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person .
The paper burns , but the words fly away .
When it comes, the landscape listens, Shadows hold their breath
The books murmured their stories from her shelf.
How far that little candle throws its beams !
The woods are getting ready to sleep—they are not yet asleep but they are disrobing and are having all sorts of little bed-time conferences and whisperings and good-nights.
Light had conquered darkness.
If life gives you lemons , make lemonade !
A book is a fragile creature , it suffers the wear of time , it fears rodents , the elements and clumsy hands .
Lightning danced across the sky.
The earth is the mother of all people , and all people should have equal rights upon it .
The sand stretched out its long limbs beside the water’s edge.
The butterflies in the meadow seemed to two-step with one another.
And when the earth shall claim your limbs , then shall you truly dance .
Trees and stones will teach you that which you can never learn from masters .
Love planted a rose , and the world turned sweet .
The teapot sang as the water boiled,  The ice cubes cackled in their glass,  The teacups chattered to one another,  While the chairs were passing gas.
The fire swallowed the entire village and it left a lot of families homeless.
When well-appareled April on the heel Of limping winter treads.
Frost is the greatest artist in our clime - he paints in nature and describes in rime .
Silence is pushing the off button .
These are the lips of the lake, on which no beard grows. It licks its chops from time to time.
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past .
The camera loves her since she is so pretty.
If only the walls could talk
Like the children playing, the moon also had its hide and seek game with the big clouds in the sky.
A few minutes ago every tree was excited , bowing to the roaring storm , waving , swirling , tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship .
Gossip is just news running ahead of itself in a red satin dress .
Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens
A book is a garden , an orchard , a storehouse , a party , a company by the way , a counselor , a multitude of counselors .
The moon puts on an elegant show , different every time in shape , colour and nuance
The sky wept tears of joy.
The tread of time is so ruthless that it tramples even the kings under its feet.
The party died as soon as she left.
Dont bite the hand that feeds you
Any trust I had for him walked right out the door.
The tree branch scratched and clawed at my windowsill, trying to break into the house.
Those greedy weeds have starved the petunias.
The catalogue of forms is endless : until every shape has found its city , new cities will continue to be born .
The cave mouth yawned.
Our words have wings , but fly not where we would .
Love is not blind - it sees more , not less .
The avalanche devoured everything in its path.
There was a heavy thunderstorm, the wind snorted outside, rattling my windowpanes.
Love looks not with the eyes , but with the mind , And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind .
The sun smiled and chased away the angry clouds.
The curtains danced in the breeze.
A case of cupcakes can be quite charming to an empty stomach.
Flames surrounded the house, licking and devouring it whole.
He did not realize that his last chance was walking out the door.
Time flies whether you are having fun or not .
The future is there ... looking back at us .
Go home weather , you 're drunk .
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick .
Earth laughs in flowers .
May the road rise up to meet you , may the wind be ever at your back .
Faith without works is like a bird without wings ; though she may hop with her companions on earth , yet she will never fly with them to heaven .
C'mon sun , you can do it !
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls .
The thunder was grumbling in the distance.
Trees are poems that the earth writes upon the sky .
When the heart speaks , the mind finds it indecent to object .
All windows have eyes
The stairs groaned as we walked on them.
Every photo in the album hides a secret.
Her life passed her by.
I tripped because the curb jumped out in front of me.
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends ; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors , and the most patient of teachers .
The ego is not master in its own house .
Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky , We fell them down and turn them into paper , That we may record our emptiness .
Stories never really end ... even if the books like to pretend they do .
The sea speaks a language polite people never repeat .
The leaves swayed along with the movement of the wind.
Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky
Spring was moving in the air above and in the earth below and around him , penetrating even his dark and lowly little house with its spirit of divine discontent and longing .
The car was suffering and was in need of some TLC.
Time marches to the beat of its own drum.
Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power .
The tsunami raced towards the coastline.
The sky lovingly smiles on the earth and her children .
My dog studied the grass as if he was an architect preparing blueprints.
Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts , and you are the slave to your emotions .
Our vacuum hums a happy tune while it cleans.
This city never sleeps.
Pain insists upon being attended to .
Go home snowman , you 're drunk
Anger is a killing thing : it kills the man who angers , for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him .
My heart has been skipping around in my chest since I saw her.
Poetry is boned with ideas , nerved and blooded with emotions , all held together by the delicate , tough skin of words .
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes .
While I made my way to my car, it smiled at me mischievously.
The stars , that nature hung in heaven , and filled their lamps with everlasting oil , give due light to the misled and lonely traveller .
The skyscraper establishes the block , the block creates the street , the street offers itself to man .
His car suffered a severe stroke in the middle of the road, and refused to move forward.
The apathy of the people is enough to make every statue leap from its pedestal and hasten the resurrection of the dead .
Do n't you worry child , see heaven 's got a plan for you ...
What 's your skin telling you ?
The pearl is the oyster 's autobiography .
Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious .
The diving board taunted me, daring me to approach.
When he sat the test, the words and the ideas fled from his mind.
Still waters shivered in the wind.
It is not love that is blind , but jealousy .
The straw that broke the camel 's back .
The buses can be impatient around here.
Drugs dragged him into this place and they wouldn’t let him leave alive.
A creation of importance can only be produced when its author isolates himself , it is a child of solitude .
It is our art that has an opportunity to leave a footprint in the sand .
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned , nor hell a fury like a woman scorned .
A candle that lives .
Luck is the attentive photographer 's best teacher .
The baseball screamed all the way into the outfield.
Let the rain sing you a lullaby .
Crouching low, the old cottage looked bent to its knees.
Books are the ultimate Dumpees : put them down and theyll wait for you forever ; pay attention to them and they always love you back .
The soul has illusions as the bird has wings it is supported by them .
Death is not extinguishing the light ; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come .
The glacier knocks in the cupboard,  The desert sighs in the bed,  And the crack in the tea-cup opens  A lane to the land of the dead.
My alarm clock yells at me to get out of bed every morning.
The full moon peeped through partial clouds.
My flowers were begging for water
Change , like sunshine , can be a friend or a foe , a blessing or a curse , a dawn or a dusk .
Go home phone , you 're drunk
Let the rain sing you a lullaby .''
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more , that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds .
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions , both good and bad , become transparent , no longer limited by outward appearences .
The flood raged over the entire village.
The wind howled
The wind whispered through dry grass.
The jittery hands of corruption orchestrated the affairs at city hall.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes .
April is the cruelest month.
Only the knife knows what goes on in the heart of a pumpkin .
The snow itself is lonely or , if you prefer , self-sufficient .
The sun glared down at me from the sky.
Time and tide wait for none.
The sunflowers nodded in the wind.
What did the 5 fingers say to the face ... ?
Hadn’t she known that something good was going to happen to her that morning–hadn’t she felt it in every touch of the sunshine, as its golden finger-tips pressed her lids open and wound their way through her hair?
When life throws you lemons ...
My mind kept on whispering to me to carry on.
Even the dirt kept breathing a small breath.
The skyscrapers punched the blue sky.
At precisely 06:30 my alarm clock sprang to life.
Time sometimes flies like a bird , sometimes crawls like a snail ; but a man is happiest when he does not even notice whether it passes swiftly or slowly .
Happiness often sneaks in a door you did not think was open
The water gurgles as it is about to reach its boiling point.
The winds shrieked and screamed on a windy Wednesday evening
The stars danced playfully in the moonlit sky.
The tree was pulled down, and the birds lamented over its dead body.
The tsunami raced towards the coastline.
The oak sleeps in the acorn , the bird waits in the egg , and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs .
Camera 's are watching you !
The iron gates looked down at them cruelly
Time does fly when you are having fun .
As long as a word remains unspoken , you are its master ; once you utter it , you are its slave .
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease .
Truth , after all , wears a different face to everybody , and it would be too tedious to wait till all were agreed .
Books are my friends , my companions .
Her silken dress whispered and sighed as she settled into the chair.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense , and to have her nonsense respected .
The bees played hide and seek with the flowers as they buzzed from one to another.
The tree branch moaned as I swung from it.
My house is a friend who protects me.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it .
As fall turned to winter, the trees found themselves wearing white.
Sunshine has no budget , the sea no red tape .
December light is brief and uncharitable.
Love is patient , love is kind .
Every heart sings a song , incomplete , until another heart whispers back .
There is something about a closet that makes a skeleton terribly restless .
The stars danced playfully in the moonlit sky.
A torn jacket is soon mended ; but hard words bruise the heart of a child .
The wind whispered the rumors of the forest.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow , it empties today of its strength .
The sun stretched its golden arms across the plains.
Blood will tell , but often it tells too much .
One unhappy icicle wasted away in the day.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door .
The wind howled its mighty objection.
When the soul lies down in that grass
The plants danced and waved as I watered all over it.
The sorry engine wheezed its death cough.
The words leapt off of the paper as she read the story.
Thunder grumbled and raindrops reported for duty.
Autumn carries more gold in its pocket than all the other seasons .
Jan ate the hotdog despite the arguments it posed to her digestive system.
Wine is a turncoat ; first a friend and then an enemy .
Beauty is truth 's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror ...
She did not realize that opportunity was knocking at her door.
The car that cares
The thunder clapped angrily in the distance.
The moon smiled upon the river.
The first rays of morning tiptoed through the meadow.
Misfortune is never mournful to the soul that accepts it ; for such do always see that every cloud is an angel 's face .
The moon played hide and seek with the clouds.
Music has charms to sooth a savage breast , to soften rocks , or bend a knotted oak .
The candle flame danced in the dark.
Experience is the child of thought , and thought is the child of action .
The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love .
The waffle jumped up out of the toaster.
The moon turned over to face the day.
April is the cruellest month, breeding Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing Memory and desire, stirring Dull roots with spring rain.
The car beckoned me from across the showroom.
Even death has a heart .
Go home fortunecookie , you 're drunk .
The yellow fog that rubs its back upon the window-panes
Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all .
The car, painted lime green, raced by screaming for attention.
The intoxication of anger , like that of the grape , shows us to others , but hides us from ourselves .
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you did n't know you left open .
The party died down
There are years that ask questions and years that answer .
Socialism can only arrive by bicycle .
The door protested as it opened slowly.
The pencil danced across the paper.
The wildfire ran through the forest at an amazing speed.
When life knocks you down ... roll over and look at the stars .
It was early morning – I met a cat yawning and stretching in the street.
We dance round in a ring and suppose , but the secret sits in the middle and knows .
The business world would chew you up and spit you out.
science flies you to the moon , religion flies you into buildings
Victory has a thousand fathers , but defeat is an orphan .
Time sneaks up on you like a windshield on a bug .
Let the rain kiss you .
Five-fingered ferns hung over the water and dropped spray from their fingertips.
The avalanche devoured anything standing in its way.
The long road to his home was a twisting snake, with no visible end.
The autumn wind is a pirate .
The tornado ran through town without a care.
The snow swaddled the earth like a mother would her infant child.
Most pianos have pretty good manners but Stephan can make them sound rude.
never let your mind tell your heart not to wander
The car horn squealed to alert us that they’d finally arrived.
Creativity is intelligence having fun .
Go home moon you are drunk
The storm attacked the town with great rage.
The news took me by surprise.
The flowers waltzed in the gentle breeze.
The house sighed
Take rest ; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop .
The angry storm pounded the tin shelter.
Our religion does not allow our family to eat pig’s meat.
Happiness , that grand mistress of the ceremonies in the dance of life , impels us through all its mazes and meanderings , but leads none of us by the same route .
History is a relentless master .
The clouds pushed each other around in the sky.
The clouds never sleep
The thunder grumbled like an old man.
Love must have wings to fly away from love , and to fly back again .
The silence crept into the classroom.
Where did your bag take you this weekend ?
The sun smiled down on them
The grease jumped out of the pan.
The fog comes on little cat feet. It sits looking over harbor and city on silent haunches and then moves on.
The car complained as the key was roughly turned in its ignition.
The public is a ferocious beast ; one must either chain it or flee from it .
The pistol glared at me from its holster.
Nature is forever arriving and forever departing , forever approaching , forever vanishing ; but in her vanishings there seems to be ever the waving of a hand , in all her partings a promise of meetings farther along the road .
The flower which is single need not envy the thorns that are numerous .
Perfection is the child of time .
The brown grass was begging for water.
The bright orange sun smiles as it welcomes a new day.
A garden is a friend you can visit anytime
And still , after all this time , the Sun has never said to the Earth , `` You owe me . ''
Necessity is the mother of invention , and all that .
Another bud waiting to bloom
When nature opens her window of opportunity , put yourself in the place of most potential .
An appeal is a mask covering the face of tribulation .
The window panes were talking as the wind blew through them.
The sea refuses no river .
It is no blind law ; for no blind law can govern the conduct of living beings .
Time creeps up on you.
Go home snow , you are drunk .
The mother duck scolded her young, encouraging them to walk in a line.
This morning had friendly greetings for peaceful sleepers.
The sea , once it casts its spell , holds one in its net of wonder forever .
Time flies over us , but leaves its shadow behind .
Reason is a supple nymph , and slippery as a fish by nature .
These boots are gon na walk all over you .
The roller coaster ride taunted and challenged me to hop in and take a ride.
Time flew and before we knew it, it was time for me to go home.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother ... .
The fire ran wild.
Faith laughs at the shaking of the spear ; unbelief trembles at the shaking of a leaf .
Every book , every volume you see here , has a soul .
The fog comes  on little cat feet.
The trees dropped their leaves and rested.
If the eyes are the mirror of the soul ... .
And then one day the boy came back and the tree shook with joy.
Pink is what red looks like when it kicks off its shoes and lets its hair down. Pink is the boudoir color, the cherubic color, the color of Heaven’s gates. . ”. . Pink is as laid back as beige, but while beige is dull and bland, pink is laid back with attitude.
During the night, the blanket crept up until it was snuggled under my chin and my feet were bare.
The blizzard swallowed the town.
Time flies when you're having fun.
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was .
The skyscraper was so tall that it seemed to kiss the sky.
The oil leaped out of the pan as I was frying the fish for dinner.
‘Ah, William, we’re weary of weather, said the sunflowers, shining with dew.  Our traveling habits have tired us.  Can you give us a room with a view?
The tornado ran through town without a care.
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly , but we consider it false and despise its adherents .
His voice filled up the house like an army of soldiers sent to attack.
Where words leave off , music begins .
Everything has its limit - iron ore can not be educated into gold .
If the city never sleeps then that makes two
The city never sleeps
Do not bite the hand that feeds
Our society needs strong leaders.
A desert is a place without expectation .
The flowers were blooming, and the bees kissed them every now and then.
The same tale sends them all to bed , and wakes them in the morning .
The night was creeping on the ground! She crept and did not make a sound.
Lighthouses dont go running all over an island looking for boats to save ; they just stand there shining .
Love has its own instinct , finding the way to the heart , as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower , with a will which nothing can dismay nor turn aside .
If this boot could talk ?
At any street corner the feeling of absurdity can strike any man in the face .
Have you got a brook in your little heart, Where bashful flowers blow, And blushing birds go down to drink, And shadows tremble so?
Beauty may be skin deep , but ugly goes clear to the bone .
The ship danced over the undulating waves of the ocean.
I could hear Hawaii calling my name.
Is love a tender thing? It is too rough, too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.
Civilization is a youth with a molotov cocktail in his hand .
My computer throws a fit every time I try to use it.
dandelion do n't tell no lies ,
When he came out of the house of his deceased friend, everything looked to him to be weeping.
And life awaits man as the sea awaits the river .
The wind sang through the meadow.
The ocean waves lashed out at the boat and the storm continued to brew.
Rubies are a girl 's best friend .
Love , whether newly born , or aroused from a deathlike slumber , must always create sunshine , filling the heart so full of radiance , this it overflows upon the outward world .
The butterfly counts not months but moments , and has time enough .
The car sputtered and coughed before starting
The wind howled in the night.
The traffic noises argued long into the night and finally Cal went to sleep.
The cigarettes stole his health and spent it on phlegm.
The largest city in the country never sleeps even at night.
The door protested as it opened slowly.
My tongue will tell the anger of my heart , or else my heart concealing it will break .
Fear cuts deeper than swords .
Doubt comes in at the window when inquiry is denied at the door .
The phone awakened with a mighty ring.
Time sure does fly when you 're having fun .
It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us , but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize ; so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face .
The bridge stretched over the interstate.
It secretes an amber liquid which weeps from tubes in its upper surface .
These casinos are always hungry enough to eat your dinner.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion .
The dry lands of the farm are begging for its much-needed water.
The run-down house appeared depressed.
Guilt upon the conscience , like rust upon iron , both defiles and consumes it , gnawing and creeping into it , as that does which at last eats out the very heart and substance of the metal .
The moon smiled at the stars in the sky.
Do n't let the sun fool you .
A great wind swept over the ghetto , carrying away shame , invisibility and four centuries of humiliation .
The leaves waved in the wind.
When the DVD went on sale, it flew off the shelves.
Nature uses only the longest threads to weave her patterns , so that each small piece of her fabric reveals the organization of the entire tapestry .
Censure acquits the raven , but pursues the dove .
Two Sunflowers Move in the Yellow Room. ‘Ah, William, we’re weary of weather,’ said the sunflowers, shining with dew. Our traveling habits have tired us. Can you give us a room with a view?
The sun was getting ready to take its nightly nest.
The sun loved the moon so much he died every night to let her breathe
and the leaves were telling secrets to the wind
The calluses on your hand tell all your secrets .
The alarm clock keeps on yelling at my sister for the entire hour because she was such in a deep sleep.
At precisely 6:am my alarm clock sprang to life.
Money is the only friend that I can count on.
The world does not care to hear your sad stories.
The tall pines in the hilly area fondled the clouds.
may nothing but happiness come through your door ...
The cactus saluted any visitor brave enough to travel the scorched land.
The snack that smiles back is Goldfish snack crackers
The ivy wove its fingers around the fence.
Curiousity killed the cat ...
the camera loves you baby
Winter’s icy grip squeezed his rib cage.
when trees keep looking at you ?
In the early morning light, time was patient with the new mother and her child.
He had little to live for now that his dreams were dead.
Dont go around saying the world owes you a living .
Father Time can always catch up to you, no matter how fast you run.
When childhood dies , its corpses are called adults .
Cookies and cakes called to him from the display case: “eat us up!”
Prejudice is the child of ignorance .
The camera can not lie , but it can be an accessory to untruth .
The flowers danced in the gentle breeze.
The ocean danced in the moonlight.
The moon looks upon many night flowers ; the night flowers see but one moon
The ear tends to be lazy , craves the familiar and is shocked by the unexpected ; the eye , on the other hand , tends to be impatient , craves the novel and is bored by repetition .
God sends ten thousands truths , which come about us like birds seeking inlet ; but we are shut up to them , and so they bring us nothing , but sit and sing awhile upon the roof , and then fly away .
Like fire it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master .
Time flies like an arrow ; fruit flies like a banana .
Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon
Simple life and peaceful mind are very close friends !
Courage without conscience is a wild beast .
Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress , adventure .
The fire swallowed the entire forest.
the horizon tries but it 's just not as kind on the eyes
I wonder if the snow loves the trees and fields , that it kisses them so gently ?
Electricity , the peril the wind sings to in the wires on a gray day .
The shattered water made a misty din. Great waves looked over others coming in.
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white .
What does the letter say ?
The river swallowed the earth as the water continued to rise higher and higher.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on .
The sky hides the night behind it , and shelters the people beneath from the horror that lies above .
Carvel ice cream, it's what happy tastes like - Carvel ice cream
Youth can not know how age thinks and feels .
Poetry is an echo , asking a shadow to dance .
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away .
When nature has work to be done , she creates a genius to do it .
fences make good neighbors
The river flows at its own sweet will , but the flood is bound in the two banks .
Justice is blind and, at times, deaf.
You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds ?
Fate is not an eagle , it creeps like a rat .
Go home winter , you 're drunk .
The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you .
Boredom is the dream bird that hatches the egg of experience .
The cactus saluted those who drove past.
And with those four words her happiness died.