This cigarette or this box of matches is a secret life much more intense than that of certain human beings.
Ever has it been said that love has its own depth until the hour of separation.
A newspaper columnist with high blood pressure.
Youth is happy because it is easy for them to see beauty.
The balloons only last for one life and the only way of finding out whether they work is to send them around the world.
Opportunity was waiting for her at her door.
What did the wall say to another wall?
Hey, diddle, diddle, The cat and the fiddle, The cow jumped over the moon; The little dog had such sport, And the dish was full, And the little girl ran away with the spoon.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees ; it is not possible by the hand of time.
Sometimes the sun just needs a little help...
Pearl Button on the House of BoxesPearl Button on the little gate in front of the House of Boxes. It is the early afternoon of a sunshiny day with little winds playing hide-and-seek in it.
The killing moon will rise all too soon
The average dog weighs more than the average person.
The paper burns, but the words fade away.
When it, the landscape listens, Shadows hold their breath
The books and their stories from her shelf.
How far that little candle can spread its beams!
The woods are—they are not yet asleep but they are disrobing and are having all sorts of little bed-time conferences and whisperings and good-nights.
Light had pierced the darkness.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade!
A book is a book, it can withstand the wear of time, it can withstand rodents, the elements and clumsy hands.
Lightning bolts streaked across the sky.
The earth is the home of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
The sand tiger stretched out its long limbs beside the water’s edge.
The butterflies in the meadow are able to two-step with one another.
And when the earth shall tremble under your limbs, then shall you truly dance.
Trees and stones will teach you that which you can never learn from masters.
Love is a rose, and the world is a rose.
The teapot was as hot as the water,  The ice cubes were in their glass,  The teacups were next to one another,  While the chairs were on the gas.
The fire destroyed the entire village and it.
When well- dressed, I walk in April on the heel Of limping winter treads.
Frost is a painter who lives in our clime - he paints in nature and describes in rime.
Silence is like hitting the off button.
These are the shores of the lake, on which no beard. It does show its chops from time to time.
Faith is simply a patience that passively waits until the storm has passed.
The camera loves to film her since she is so pretty.
If only the walls could talk.
Like the children playing, the moon also appeared to be playing a hide and seek game with the big clouds in the sky.
A few minutes ago every tree in the park was standing, bowing to the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship.
Gossip Girl was seen running ahead of itself in a red satin dress.
Knowledge is power, but wisdom is wisdom.
A book, a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors.
The moon is an elegant show, different every time in shape, colour and nuance
The sky glowed with tears of joy.
The tread of time is so swift that it can crush even the kings under its feet.
The party began to disperse as soon as she left.
Dont bite the hand that feeds youDont bite the hand that feeds you
Any trust I had for him had gone right out the door.
The tree branch snapped in half and clawed at my windowsill, trying to break into the house.
Those greedy weeds have taken over the petunias.
The catalogue of forms is endless : until every shape has found its city, new cities will be born.
The cave mouth.
Our words fly where we would, but fly not where we would.
Love is love - it means more, not less.
The avalanche destroyed everything in its path.
There was a heavy thunderstorm, the wind was blowing hard outside, rattling my windowpanes.
Love is not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
The sun shone brightly and chased away the angry clouds.
The curtains fluttered in the breeze.
A case of cupcakes does not belong to an empty stomach.
Flames engulfed the house, licking and devouring it whole.
He did not realize that his last chance was slipping away as he walked out the door.
Time flies by, whether you are having fun or not.
The future is out there... looking back at us.
Stay home weather, you're drunk.
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick.
Earth life in flowers.
May the road always be there to meet you, may the wind always and ever at your back.
Faith without works is like a bird without wings ; though she may hop with her companions on earth, yet she will never fly with them to heaven.
C'mon sun, you can do it!
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
The thunder was still echoing in the distance.
Trees are trees that the earth looks upon the sky.
When the heart desires something, the mind finds it indecent to object.
All windows are closed.
The stairs groaned as we began to descend on them.
Every photo in the album is a secret.
Her life.
I tripped because the curb was right in front of me.
Books have been the quietest and most constant of friends ; they have been the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.
The ego is the master in its own house.
Trees upon the earth and birds upon the sky, We gather them up and turn them into paper, That we may write of our emptiness.
Stories don’t lie... even if the books you’re reading like to pretend they do.
The sea language is a language of people from.
The leaves change color with the movement of the wind.
Trees grow upon the earth and upon the sky
Spring was springing up in the air above and in the earth below and around him, penetrating even his dark and lowly little house with its spirit of divine discontent and longing.
The car was in bad shape and was in need of some TLC.
Time seems to march to the beat of its own drum.
Power can take a back step only in the face of more power.
The tsunami then swept towards the coastline.
The sky lovingly reflects on the earth and her children.
My dog was sniffing at the grass as if he was an architect preparing blueprints.
Your emotions are your slave to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Our vacuum cleaner hums a happy tune while it.
This city.
Pain subsided upon being attended to.
When you bring home snowman, you're drunk
Anger : it is good for the man who angers, for each rage makes him stronger than he had been before - it takes something from him.
My heart has been beating like a drum in my chest since I saw her.
Poetry is a form of art that is alive with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.
A lie is being told half way around the world while the truth is being walked on its shoes.
While I made my way to my car, it seemed to be looking at me mischievously.
The stars, that nature hath made in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, have given a message to the misled and lonely traveller.
The skyscraper, the skyscraper, the block, the block, the street, the street, reveals itself to man.
His car broke down in a severe stroke in the middle of the road, and refused to move forward.
The apathy of the people will make every statue leap from its pedestal and hasten the resurrection of the dead.
Don't you worry child, see heaven's gates are open for you...
What is your skin telling you?
The pearl is.
Necessity is good until it is.
The diving board hovered above me, daring me to approach.
When he sat the test, the words and the ideas that had plagued him were gone from his mind.
Still waters churned in the wind.
It is not love that kills, but jealousy.
The straw that broke the camel's back.
The buses don't stop around here.
Drugs had brought him into this place and they wouldn’t let him leave alive.
A creation of importance can only be produced when its author is by himself, it is the product of solitude.
It is the next generation that has an opportunity to leave a footprint in the sand.
Heaven has no fury like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
A candle that burns.
Luck
The baseball dugout extends all the way into the outfield.
Let the rain lull you to sleep and sing you a lullaby.
Crouching low, the old cottage creaked and fell to its knees.
Books are the ultimate Dumpees : put them down and theyll wait for you forever ; pay attention to them and they always love you back.
The soul is the same as the bird and it is supported by them.
Death is not the light ; it is only the light of the lamp because the dawn has come.
The glacier knocks in the cupboard,  The desert wind blows in the bed,  And the crack in the tea-cup is a door,  A lane to the land of the dead.
My alarm clock yells at me to get my butt out of bed every morning.
The full moon shone through partial clouds.
My flowers were looking for water
Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
If you answer your home phone, you're drunk
Let the rain fall and sing you a lullaby.''
The best love is the kind that stirs the soul and makes us yearn for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds.
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, are reborn, no longer limited by outward appearences.
The flood washed over the entire village.
The wind blew.
The wind ruffled through dry grass.
The jittery hands of corruption seem to be running the affairs at city hall.
Common sense dictates that the dog is dressed in its working clothes.
April.
Only the knife can tell what is in the heart of a pumpkin.
The snow itself is, or, if you prefer, self-sufficient.
The sun shone down at me from the sky.
Time and tide account for none.
The sunflowers swayed in the wind.
What did the 5 fingers mean to the face...?
Hadn’t she known that something good was about to happen to her that morning–hadn’t she felt it in every touch of the sunshine, as its golden finger-tips caressed her skin, as its warm fingers pushed her lids open and wound their way through her hair?
When life gives you lemons...
My mind.
Even the dirt seemed to take a small breath.
The skyscrapers reflected the blue sky.
At precisely 06:30 my alarm clock blared to life.
Time sometimes flies like a bird, sometimes crawls like a snail ; but a man is most happy when he does not even notice whether it is moving swiftly or slowly.
Happiness often comes when you walk in a door you did not think was open
The water boils as soon as it hits its boiling point.
The winds howled and screamed on a windy Wednesday evening
The stars sparkled and twinkled playfully in the moonlit sky.
The tree was pulled down, and the birds were able to fly over its dead body.
The tsunami then swept towards the coastline.
The oak waits in the oak, the oak waits in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs.
Camera's are for you!
The iron gates glared down at them cruelly
Time does seem to fly when you are having fun.
As long as a word is in your mouth, you are its master ; once you utter it, you are its slave.
The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease.
Truth, after all, was a different face to everybody, and it would be a long time till all were agreed.
Books include:My friends, my companions.
Her silken dress hugged her curves and sighed as she settled into the chair.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense come back to you.
The bees appeared to be playing hide and seek with the flowers as they buzzed from one to another.
The tree branch creaked and groaned as I swung from it.
My house is the one who protects me.
History will come back to me for I intend to write it.
As fall transitions to winter, the trees begin to prepare themselves.
Sunshine is everywhere, the sea no red tape.
December light is harsh and uncharitable.
Love, love, love
Every heart is a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back.
There is something about a closet that seems to make a skeleton terribly restless.
The stars sparkled and twinkled playfully in the moonlit sky.
A torn jacket is soon mended ; but hard words can break the heart of a child.
The wind blew away the rumors of the forest.
Worry does not deprive tomorrow of its sorrow, it deprives today of its strength.
The sun rose and spread its golden arms across the plains.
Blood will always flow, but often its too much.
One unhappy icicle will melt away in the day.
Faith comes through the window when beauty knocks at the door.
The wind blew away its mighty objection.
When the soul lives in that grass
The plants looked up at me and waved as I watered all over it.
The sorry engine began its death cough.
The words echoed in the pages of the paper as she read the story.
Thunder rumbles and raindrops call for duty.
Autumn seems to have more gold in its pocket than all the other seasons.
Jan ate the hotdog despite the arguments it was harmful to her digestive system.
Wine is the wine of two people ; first a friend and then an enemy.
Beauty and the BeastA woman's eyes widen when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror...
She did not realize that opportunity was waiting for her at her door.
The car that didn't
The thunder echoed angrily in the distance.
The moon shone brightly upon the river.
The first rays of morning sunlight shone through the meadow.
Misfortune does not come to the soul that accepts it ; for such do always see that every cloud has a silver lining.
The moon playing hide and seek with the clouds.
Music has the power to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
The candle flame flickers in the dark.
Experience leads to action of thought, and thought leads to action of action.
The earth has fallen in love with the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love.
The waffle just came out of the toaster.
The moon rose to face the day.
April, breeding Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing Memory and desire, stirring Dull roots with spring rain.
The car door closed behind me from across the showroom.
Even death is.
Come home fortunecookie, you're drunk. Come home fortunecookie, you're drunk.
The yellow fog that hangs in the air, turning its back upon the window-panes
Hope is a ghost holding out its hand in the dark
Hope is like a bird with feathers That sings in the soul And sings the tune without the words And never stops at all.
The car, which was lime green, raced by screaming for attention.
The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, not only blinds us to others, but hides us from ourselves.
Happiness often comes to you through a door you didn't know you left open.
The party motto is:
There are years that ask questions and years that answer.
Socialism is by bicycle.
The door creaked as it swung open slowly.
The pencil glides across the paper.
The wildfire is burning through the forest at an amazing speed.
When life seems too hard... roll over and look at the stars.
It was an early morning – I met a cat yawning and stretching in the street.
We can go round and round in a ring and suppose, but the secret is in the middle and knows.
The business world would swallow you up and spit you out.
science will take you to the moon, religion will turn you into buildings
Victory over, but defeat to.
Time seems to be closing in on you like a windshield on a bug.
Let the rain pour down on you.
Five-fingered ferns sprouted from the ground over the water and dropped spray from their fingertips.
The avalanche will destroy anything standing in its way.
The long road to his home was like a twisting snake, with no visible end.
The autumn wind speed is.
The tornado tore through town without a care.
The snow fell to the earth like a mother would her infant child.
Most pianos sound good, but Stephan can make them sound rude.
never let your mind wander.
The car horn sounded, signaling to us that they’d finally arrived.
Creativity comes from having fun.
4. When you come home moon you are drunk
The storm swept through the town with great rage.
The news caught me by surprise.
The flowers swayed in the gentle breeze.
The house contains:
Take rest ; a field that has a lot of.
The angry storm roared through the tin shelter.
Our religion does not allow our family to eat a pig’s m.
Happiness, that grand mistress of the ceremonies in the dance of life, leads us through all its mazes and meanderings, but leads none of us by the same route.
History of.
The clouds seemed to be chasing each other around in the sky.
The clouds parted.
The thunder rumbled like an old man.
Love must be allowed to fly away from love, and to fly back again.
The silence echoed back into the classroom.
Where did your bag take you this weekend?
The sun shone down on them
The grease dripped out of the pan.
The fog rolls in on little cat feet. It hangs over harbor and city on silent haunches and then moves on.
The car was still running as the key was roughly turned in its ignition.
The public library is a dangerous place ; one must either chain it or flee from it.
The pistol glinted in the light at me from its holster.
Nature is forever coming and forever departing, forever approaching, forever vanishing ; but in her vanishings there seems to be ever the waving of a hand, in all her partings a promise of meetings farther along the road.
The flower which does not need the thorns that are.
Perfection is an illusion of time.
The brown grass was used as a source for water.
The bright orange sun rises as it is the start of a new day.
A garden in your backyard you can visit anytime
And still, after all this time, the Sun has not said to the Earth, `` You owe me. ''
Necessity is the mother of invention, and all that.
Another bud grows.
When nature presents you with her window of opportunity, put yourself in the place of most potential.
An appeal for covering the face of tribulation.
The window panes were broken as the wind was blowing through them.
The sea contains no river.
It is not a blind law ; for no blind law can govern the conduct of living beings.
Time is running out on you.
. If you bring home snow, you are drunk.
The mother duck stands in front of her young, encouraging them to walk in a line.
This morning was one for peaceful sleepers.
The sea, once it has you under its spell, will hold no one in its net of wonder forever.
Time passes over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
Reason #2: He is slippery by nature, and slippery as a fish by nature.
These boots are going to walk all over you.
The roller coaster ride was on and challenged me to hop in and take a ride.
Time passed and before we knew it, it was time for me to go home.
Doubt is that faith in God....
The fire.
Faith trembles at the shaking of the spear ; unbelief trembles at the shaking of a leaf.
Every book, every volume you see here, is a copy of.
The fog seemed to move  on little cat feet.
The trees spread out their leaves and rested.
If the eyes are the windows of the soul....
And then one day the boy came back and the tree was filled with joy.
Pink is what red looks like when it kicks off its shoes and lets its hair down. Pink is the boudoir color, the cherubic color, the color of Heaven’s gates.. Pink may not be as laid back as beige, but while beige is dull and bland, pink is laid back with attitude.. ”.
During the night, the blanket slid down my back until it was snuggled under my chin and my feet.
The blizzard destroyed the town.
Time passes faster when you're having fun.
All water is water and is forever trying to get back to where it came from.
The skyscraper is so tall that it dominates the sky.
The oil had leaked out of the pan as I was frying the fish for dinner.
‘Ah, William, we are so tired.  Our traveling habits have tired us.  In this kind of weather, we see the sunflowers, shining with dew.  Can you give us a room with a view?
The tornado tore through town without a care.
Wisdom comes to us at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we know it false and despise its adherents.
His voice echoed through the house like an army of soldiers sent to attack.
Where words mean, music means.
Everything has its limit - iron ore can not be educated into gold.
If the city has one, then that makes two
The city is:
Do not bite the hand that feeds you.
Our society needs more strong leaders.
A desert is a place without expectation.
The flowers were, and the bees came back to eat them every now and then.
The same tale is told of a man who puts them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
The night was silent. She crept and did not make a sound. Then she saw something on the ground!
Lighthouses do not look out all over an island looking for boats to anchor at ; they just stand there shining.
Love is like a flower, finding the way to the heart, as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower, with a will which nothing can break nor turn aside.
If this boot could talk?
At any street corner the feeling of absurdity can strike any man in the face.
Have you got a brook in your little heart, Where bashful flowers, And blushing birds go down to drink, And shadows tremble so?
Beauty may come in many forms, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
The ship then sailed over the undulating waves of the ocean.
I could hear Hawaii calling out my name.
Is love a tender thing? It, too rude, too boisterous, and it is like thorn.
Civilization is a man with a molotov cocktail in his hand.
My computer seems to throw a fit every time I try to use it.
dandelion do dandelion, no lies,
When he came out of the house of his deceased friend, everything changed.
And life is as man as the sea is the river.
The wind ruffled the leaves through the meadow.
The ocean waves crashed at the boat and the storm.
Rubies are.
Love, whether newly born, or aroused from a deathlike slumber, must always be a ray of sunshine, filling the heart so full of radiance, this it will shine forth upon the outward world.
The butterfly lives not months but moments, and has time enough.
The car started up and coughed before starting
The wind picked up in the night.
The traffic noises didn't stop for long into the night and finally Cal went to sleep.
The cigarettes ruined his health and spent it on phlegm.
The largest city in the country is very crowded even at night.
The door creaked as it swung open slowly.
My tongue will not be able to contain the anger of my heart, or else my heart, it will explode.
Fear runs deeper than swords.
Doubt is at the window when inquiry is denied at the door.
The phone rang again.It rang with a mighty ring.
Time sure does fly by when you're having fun.
It is impossible that posterity will not fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may fail to understand or sympathize ; so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face.
The bridge carries the highway over the interstate.
It is also known as an amber liquid which flows from tubes in its upper surface.
These casinos will pay for your dinner.
Love is the root of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
The dry lands of the farm are the source for its much-needed water.
The run-down house.
Guilt upon the conscience, like rust upon iron, both defiles and consumes it, gnawing and creeping into it, as that does which at last destroys the very heart and substance of the metal.
The moon is rising, looking at the stars in the sky.
Don't let the sun set on you.
A great wind is blowing over the ghetto, carrying away shame, invisibility and four centuries of humiliation.
The leaves rustled in the wind.
When the DVD goes on sale, it will fly off the shelves.
Nature is woven into all of her patterns, so that each small piece of her fabric is essential to the organization of the entire tapestry.
Censure the raven, but pursues the dove.Censure the raven, but pursues the dove.
Two Sunflowers in the Yellow RoomTwo Sunflowers in the Yellow Room. ‘Ah, William, we are tired of weather,’ says one of the sunflowers, shining with dew. Our traveling habits. Can you give us a room with a view?
The sun was about to set its nightly nest.
The sun and the moon so much he had to close his eyes every night to let her breathe
and the leaves were falling, whispering their secrets to the wind
The calluses on your hand will reveal all your secrets.
The alarm clock woke me up and I was yelling at my sister for the entire hour because she was such in a deep sleep.
At precisely 6:am my alarm clock came back to life.
Money is the only thing that I can count on.
The world does not need your sad stories.
The tall pines in the hilly area provide shade from the clouds.
may nothing but happiness come through your door...
The cactus is a favorite of any visitor brave enough to travel the scorched land.
The snack that brings back memories
The ivy is wrapping its fingers around the fence.
Curiousity killed the cat...
the camera is on you baby
Winter’s icy grip tightened around his rib cage.
when trees are looking at you?
In the early morning light, time seemed to stand still with the new mother and her child.
He had little to live for now that his dreams.
Dont go around saying the world is your oyster, it costs you a living.
Father Time is always coming to you, no matter how fast you run.
When childhood ends, a child is called, its corpses are called adults.
Cookies and cakes were called out to him from the display case: “eat us up!”
Prejudice is a form of ignorance.
The camera is not an accessory, but it is an accessory to untruth.
The flowers swayed in the gentle breeze.
The ocean glistened in the moonlight.
The moon is upon many night flowers ; the night flowers are upon but one moon
The ear, on the other hand, craves the familiar and is shocked by the unexpected ; the eye, on the other hand,, craves the novel and is bored by repetition.
God sends ten thousands truths, which we seek to know, and they come about us like birds seeking inlet ; but we are shut up to them, and so they bring us nothing, but sit and sing awhile upon the roof, and then fly away.
Like fire it is a powerful and a fearful master.
Time moves like an arrow ; fruit moves like a banana.
Have you ever heard the wolf howl? Here's what happened to the blue corn moon
Simple life and peaceful mind is the best!
Courage without conscience
Let us go out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.
The fire destroyed the entire forest.
the horizon is beautiful, but it is not as kind on the eyes
I wonder if the snow is so heavy on the trees and fields, that it falls on them so gently?
Electricity, the peril the wind can add to in the wires on a gray day.
The shattered water was replaced by a misty din. Great waves were crashing over others coming in.
The snow goose need not cover itself white.
What does the letter mean?
The river flows through the earth as the water level rises higher and higher.
A lie can travel halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
The sky holds the light of the night behind it, and shelters the people beneath from the horror that lies above.
Carvel ice cream, it tastes like happinessThis is what happy looks like - Carvel ice cream
Youth can not know how age affects a person and feels.
Poetry is a shadow, asking a shadow to dance.
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.
When nature calls for something to be done, she creates a genius to do it.
fences are good neighbors
The river flows in and out at its own sweet will, but the flood is bound in the two banks.
Justice is blind, and, at times, deaf.
You plan a tower that will be visible from the clouds?
Fate is not like an eagle, it is like a rat.
When you come home winter, you're drunk.
The breeze at dawn is here to tell you.
Boredom is that which lays the egg of experience.
The cactus seemed to delight those who drove past.
And with those four words her life changed forever.